Gwenevere Abriel: Howdy.
Laura Lujan: I'm trying to find a bone tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will sit here both hands on my desk racing myself.
Laura Lujan: The attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, but I have more where that came from.
Laura Lujan: I know you do.
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Hello ladder. Yes.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I appreciate all the preparation for the meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a solid self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Gwenevere Abriel: Is cracking me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see. I'll get into, you can take a little bit more time and look around. I'll be opening up a note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep keep looking.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want you to have the experience of of privacy. I know you trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kyle, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know the guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yesterday we could track back footsteps. Maybe in a bathroom. Do you take them off before you took a shower or
Laura Lujan: You
Laura Lujan: Know when
Laura Lujan: Pocket the book that I'm writing a shopping last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: They fall off onto the floor from a nightstand or
Gwenevere Abriel: Today we do a
Gwenevere Abriel: Review of treatment goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you have some in
Gwenevere Abriel: A drawer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo yo you used it on Tuesday, because you were there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could just stick you in a closet and then we can
Laura Lujan: Write
Laura Lujan: That name.
Laura Lujan: Hey guys before
Laura Lujan: They weren't aware. I thought a lot of walking
Laura Lujan: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta get different perspective.
Is
Gwenevere Abriel: So take your time. Get those earbuds in and
Laura Lujan: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can you hear me.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what are you in a living room, which kind of role are you in
Laura Lujan: The bedroom, because how about long
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're with Kyle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So we'll let will kind of keep it a bit superficial, which if I work out. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to look at your goals and kind of a little, a little something about each one
Gwenevere Abriel: I have one.
Laura Lujan: What do you mean
Your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your goal, the things you're working on, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The first one is I want to continue to stay sober. So that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the big one. That's probably one of the ones that kind of why you're here right
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, um, after having told me about the slip after you and I met
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times would you say your mind has wandered too well.
Laura Lujan: Morning before
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're thinking of using a little a lot more
Laura Lujan: And yeah, but it's not like I know that
Laura Lujan: I'm thinking about it as like a I'm an excuse is like
Laura Lujan: In essence of, like, oh my god, thinking. So why, why are not kind of thing. If I keep your money. You know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: And that's not really I don't I don't consider that me having cravings. Really, that's just me having a defense mechanism, you don't. I mean not not defense mechanism. But you know what I'm trying to say like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Justification maybe
Laura Lujan: Yeah, like I'm using it as like a counter argument, kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Laura Lujan: I wasn't for him in my lifetime. I don't think I would have said that you know i mean
Let's talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, have been thinking about it more, and the way you've been thinking about it, is my dad drinks. And so why can't I use
Laura Lujan: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's the voice of the addict. That's the one that justifies negative behavior. The one that tells half truths. Right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's the counter argument, the one that is you the authentic self. What's the argument back to well shit everybody's doing it. Come on dad to everybody's a hypocrite. Why don't we just get one.
Laura Lujan: could die.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I could die.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I could literally like, I mean it on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you say more. Are you saying as much as like 20 times a day.
Laura Lujan: How often, okay. No, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, just me.
Laura Lujan: More time today.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Laura Lujan: Which again is a lot more than I was thinking about it. You know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: Like probably like a whole week like six times a week it back maybe five times.
Laura Lujan: So now it's like, All right, well, you know, it just justify more of my head I guess now but it shouldn't be. There's no excuse for that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but that's that's you. That's this part of the brain, the one that can think about the present and the future. But let's separate the mind like from actual brain tissue because so brain tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look what just happened. You just had a big euphoric effect very recently.
Laura Lujan: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your brain, the tissue. When you think about the brain chemistry, your brain. It went like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just, yeah, it just sent you a spray of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of dopa mean what okay so here's what I did it. Not only did you get this huge rush from from the math right but your brain gave you this big spray to reinforce that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go do that again. It wants this it doesn't it doesn't care that it's illegal and going to put your ass in jail. They don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't care. I don't care if you die right it thinks when there's that much jumping me why that's got to be a good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because a little bit. Yet when we eat a yummy cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we have sex or something that's so feel so good. Yay for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's sending you a spray of domain that will get you to remember the steps that it took to get to this big rush. So let's stay with this. This is new for a lot of people this chemistry part it reinforces all the steps it took
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to get to that big euphoric experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're giving yourself a moral hard time you're calling yourself names over this right
Gwenevere Abriel: But this has nothing to do. This has nothing to do with spirituality. This has nothing to do with morals. This is chemistry. So you're wondering about it more because it had a recent spray
Gwenevere Abriel: Of dopamine and a huge rush of doing for me and it wants you to feel like that again.
Laura Lujan: My point I um
Laura Lujan: It's like I'm being the good of the disease. Is that why people play that kind of
Laura Lujan: Okay, that makes sense because honestly, I thought that was all bullshit like I think we're about, you know,
Laura Lujan: Going into these and I'm like a full shade disease. I'm like, I'm not saying that, you know,
Laura Lujan: I mean, people can call it, but all they want, you know, I'm all for people call it better and ever, but it's not a defeat. It's not you know I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what you're saying I struggle with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't I don't use the term I'll admit, I don't. It's true.
I don't
Laura Lujan: I don't
Laura Lujan: Because I am not sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, no, I get it, I and it's in. It's in our treatment plan to, you know, increased awareness of the disease model.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Um, this is maybe a way that you could get away with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're at ease. You know that term. I'm at ease. I feel comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not anxious. I'm not angry. I'm not sad. I'm at ease.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you kind of use it like that and you say this is a disease.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can catch yourself with that one. That's
Laura Lujan: All good. Okay.
Laura Lujan: All right, that's not totally Vito now.
Laura Lujan: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where it's coming back. So that's what I do with it. And instead, what I do is I talk about chemistry and I talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: That tissue so unfortunately when you went and you did that met the other day. You just, you just made tissue that went from whatever that original experience of hopelessness confusion and craziness. You just made tissue to in the brain. And that's the unfortunate part
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, meaning you made a neural connection or 100. I don't know how many
Gwenevere Abriel: That that happened. Now I can't do anything about that. Those are facts right like so. Now, but what we can do is you can stop giving yourself a hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's the thought. Now, we didn't have you just made a neural connection that wasn't there before. So yeah, you're going to think about it more, and remember your brain.
Is
Laura Lujan: Thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: You know week. It's not like that. This is this
Laura Lujan: Is back. These are
Gwenevere Abriel: A mystery chemistry, chemistry. So here's the deal. The nice thing is you did make tissue. So that kind of sucks. But if you can remember this conversation. This is just my
Gwenevere Abriel: Brain trying to get my butt over to something that feels really good. That's like Neanderthal behavior and I'm smarter than that. I'm smarter than
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll use my my smart brain. The front part here. That's the old one that had me looking for for berries and and potatoes and you know Rutabaga. You know, it was had me foraging
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm smarter than that. I can, I can use another part of my brain. So you just have to kind of wait for that that frontal the prefrontal cortex to come on
Laura Lujan: But no quarter.
Of a because
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one. So you just kind of gotta wait for it. If you could just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just don't be judgmental about that about you just say that's just my brain. I recently used. So there's more tissue connected to that right now. And so it's heading over there wants me to feel good. I better go to something else that feels good.
Laura Lujan: Like workout.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, now
Laura Lujan: I actually thought I had been like, you know, I'm finding my head of like what would be me the thing euphoric feeling of like, you know, mess kind of thing.
Laura Lujan: And only thing I can think of that would like cat, a better show, you know,
Laura Lujan: Or you have so never something that you know meets all the criteria that gives you the thing. Feeling kinda you know I'm not going back.
Laura Lujan: Like because you know you get used to getting the adrenaline rush you know your your hyped up, you're not like you know now on your butt doing nothing, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's create a new goal because today is a day where we review goals. Anyway, let's create a new one that I don't want it to be mine. Notice you brought an exercise. Why don't you tell me what you want to do and I'll write it down.
Laura Lujan: Oh, I'm
Laura Lujan: Sorry, I'm
Laura Lujan: Wrong. I'm stop negative talking talk the negative self talk or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that I got. Okay, that's
Laura Lujan: Good diet down to like a bare minimum of, like, maybe once a day.
Laura Lujan: Because I do it a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Laura Lujan: So we can conversation or whatever.
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cognitive Behavioral goal and I got that one. But what about this the one you said before.
Laura Lujan: What the word our
Laura Lujan: Goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear what it would be for you.
Laura Lujan: I mean, sorry. Sorry, I'm in a new workout one or number
Laura Lujan: Oh, he's developed the development plan may may may not work out all the way we develop a plan to where you know I go to the gym or an open yet so no develop a plan, or I go to the gym. So I thought was very good over
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So that's kind of what we're doing right now. So here's the first part first part is to write a goal. And our goal is develop a workout plan and that could be a goal. We could do that over the next month. It's something for us to sort of be tangible about and we can
Laura Lujan: Start then, you know, hopefully by the by the end of the month during open again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's cool. I will put that together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a goal develop a workout plan, quote unquote, and the objective is now this is where I come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the obstacle for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you don't already know what you like to do
Laura Lujan: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Play tennis.
Laura Lujan: Like
Laura Lujan: Towards was
Laura Lujan: New
Laura Lujan: To me gymnastics, um,
Laura Lujan: But worse.
Laura Lujan: Run walk. I walk
Gwenevere Abriel: Up on the rocks.
Gwenevere Abriel: While
Gwenevere Abriel: Our CK s
Laura Lujan: Walking
A lot
Laura Lujan: Okay I engine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, walking
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it. Alright, so we have walking
Gwenevere Abriel: What about, um, what about, do you have a bike.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have bike would, that would you want that to be part of the
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about
Gwenevere Abriel: rollerblades skateboards. Things like that.
Laura Lujan: You know, I, are you kidding me, I'm done. Hard of Hearing not be horrible.
Laura Lujan: I not do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, what about the gymnastics, how, how could that come back into your life.
Laura Lujan: Actually one of the one of the coordinators, I was talking to you on point, whatever she's doing but only in and go over what I wanted to hear. Whenever I'm like you know preferences or whatever on we talked to my meditation at one point in yoga.
Laura Lujan: And I'm not me. I can you know getting something like that or
Gwenevere Abriel: Goodness. Yes, yes, yes, yes. So now, now you're talking my speed. I like the walking and yoga those, that's my speed nowadays. I like it.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: gymnastics. You gotta stop my heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you already have things you like
Laura Lujan: You already
Gwenevere Abriel: Have in your life. So that's pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: To fill up a workout plan. Now, none of those really have to do with a gym. Those are things that you could be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yeah, they could mean it's it's about kind of now turning our attention to what the obstacles are so now I want you to think about, let's just take walking. What keeps you from currently walking. Walking minutes
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I used to all the time. I got some
Laura Lujan: Um, but how are you doing stupidly high carb re, you know, to me, you know, walking and Al Gore dungeon, a good idea. So now we're talking about actually walking not high turn I feel for both, you know, have you know a positive feeling not the root of negative one here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Now, whomever
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's important that we talk about it for a second because um let's still talk about the walking. I wanted to check in. Are you saying I used to walk at two in the morning because I was high and I was trying to get to my next connect or I was high and I needed to put
Gwenevere Abriel: That energy
Laura Lujan: Someone to piss me off.
Laura Lujan: Or, you know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't understand me or something like that. And if I don't hear something. Right. And if you weren't repeat it. I get really mad.
Laura Lujan: So my thing is I would dip all the time and I didn't have the current clients on me. I wouldn't wait for anyone. So I would just leave it, you know, to me, whatever time it was or what are you doing, I'm going to do if I can't hear you.
Laura Lujan: Are you know he would like that.
Laura Lujan: So that's what I mean. I would never walk to recognize
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so now I want you to try this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have some compassion for the fact that there is a reason maybe that walking is not as appealing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because when you were walking before you were mad and hurt and rejected and not taken care of and ignored and not important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why walking. Not that appealing.
Laura Lujan: Thing. Because, like, it's so it's so hot. I said it was still like a way for me to calm down.
Laura Lujan: Okay, whenever I arrived her walking that I forget all the problems and you like calm down and texting, whoever the hell I lost it over like look, I'm dying. I couldn't hear you weren't being you know what I mean. And I'm like, calm down and go back and more normal
Laura Lujan: Normal
Laura Lujan: Normal. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so that is so walking is a coping skill. Yeah. Yep, good.
Laura Lujan: And are not going to be coping and, you know, natural
Laura Lujan: Beneficial scroll, you know, yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, now that we've explored that let's talk a little bit about biking. Is there anything that could get in the way of you, biking, for example, that you have a tire that is flat or
No.
Laura Lujan: No, not yet. I'm going to soon as you get done with her. Oh.
Laura Lujan: I will do
Laura Lujan: That
Gwenevere Abriel: So anything that we get in the way of biking. For example, where is the bike.
Laura Lujan: Our moms. But worst case scenario of absolutely i mean i'd have caused by me, New York.
Laura Lujan: Or Chicago, Miami, New into
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we need to buy a bike.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I guess I have it on the mom so I could get that one bath, but I'd rather not get norms.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's not right. I mean, that's what this is all about. It's about sort of protecting recovery. Let's not bring more risk into your life. That's definitely is not what I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay. So I wrote it down one barrier to biking might be. We need to buy one.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I get that. I'm going to call him my mentor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then. Oh, have you ever done meditation.
Laura Lujan: No, I haven't. Like I said that that chick from her health told me that I should know you said like based on all the criteria that I gave her an Irish Ma ma ma might actually benefit from it and I like it. Maybe
Laura Lujan: We wouldn't hold on.
Laura Lujan: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can we can explore a little bit of that together.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, we can look it up and touching on see what it's about. And, you know,
Laura Lujan: No one can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So an interesting thing with meditation is people think it's one thing, but it turns out it's another
Gwenevere Abriel: People think meditation is clearing your mind of all thoughts and so I have a thought I must be failing at meditation, I can't do meditation. Now, that's not it. Meditation means you're sitting with a thought that comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get back present into the body, or let's say you are focused on a little, a little light or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the idea that a thought won't come
Gwenevere Abriel: Is ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: The thoughts are going to come
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not failing and meditation, just because you have a thought. I just want to start with that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay but the effort of over and over and over, continuing to be mindful and coming back to the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is healing and transformative. And I agree, it would be good for you as it is for all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I love it. So we'll do a little bit of that together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's talk about yo go okay so you have options for yoga on the internet, like all over the place.
Laura Lujan: So I've actually had a little bit of returning to with yoga, not much more. And I was like,
Laura Lujan: Seven, eight me my grandma used to do yoga a lot because she um she had a really bad back and so every morning she would do yoga and I'm doing with her like I even have my mom, my
Laura Lujan: Hearing. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, so I'm a little curious and then mag guys, like I said, I have been you remember what we did, or whatever, but remember we did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as a starter maybe what I'll do is I ran across and they're all over the internet, you're not gonna have any problems fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fight, you know, type in five minute yoga 10 Minute. Yo, you're going to get those. They're going to be all over
Gwenevere Abriel: I ran across one that I have sent two people. I'm going to see if I can find it, it's only five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she's, she's really moving
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And since we're we're easing our way in to this idea of developing a workout plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe if you look at this video, you might do it once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: For five
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how hard could that be what I've shoot you know I've done it. I'm going to meet with Quinn and I'll just do
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything for five minutes I cram it in there. Okay, so then you did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but something else might happen. Something cool might happen after that five minutes, and I'd be curious to see what happens after that. So are you want me to see if I can track it down at some point and get it to you.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, that'd be cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. I'm seeing it'll pop up right now and I
Laura Lujan: promise I won't pull it. Yeah. What I do with my dad not watch. I promise I watch to watch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot about that.
Laura Lujan: I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask you, it's only five minutes. I promise it's literally called a five minute you know that so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. I'm just going to see if this is her. If it is, then I'll just show you it is so I lucked out, just so you can get an idea of what she's doing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi I'm Nina. Yeah, we're gonna get it. So we're going to start at the top of the math.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hand our buyer sides your big toes are touching your heels are touching. So you're going to inhale your hands go up to the sky or pounds, touch, Forward Fold, drop your head all the way down in how flat back. Plant the hands down. Step back to plank position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slowly elbows hugging inhale upward facing dog. Guys are off the bat. Exhale, lift your hips all the way up and back. Downward Facing Dog. Take a deep breath in through your nose and
Gwenevere Abriel: out through your nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And out through your nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, open your mouth. Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Please your right foot forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Warrior One. Take a deep breath in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your knee over your ankle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, can you hear her.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. Um, so, so far, notice she's not too fast. She's not too slow. I find her case kind of nice. And she names everything
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I think I've written a little device for
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going too fast.
Well,
Laura Lujan: Maybe the lagging maybe it does look like
Laura Lujan: My voice and things like it's not up to par with her thing I thought about that. I mean I the video has to be like in summer. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Voicing like a phone too fast and she's done like level to move before it just the video, you're good. I agree that it's just a video of them. Yeah, I agree. I can fit Hakeem was right and that's
Laura Lujan: And that's good, like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I think too. So in the front. So I fast forward through for talking and I go right to right where it starts, maybe go in a minute. It's literally
Gwenevere Abriel: This whole video is five minutes and 27 seconds. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's no it's not. I'm not kidding. It really is five minutes. But if you do, what she's doing just
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe you'll do it again. Or maybe you'll do it. And this time we'll try and do it do the pose before she does. And you'll think oh this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is chatter Rhonda or something or whatever. She says, I'm trying to remember the word. But notice how this is a new
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing to do. It's going to occupy your brain. So it's more than just about exercise, it's about doing something new.
Gwenevere Abriel: When those thoughts about using come up, you might say, you know what, I'll add this to my list of things to do. I'll just turn this video on it's only five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll kick everybody out of the room. I mean, everybody can wait five minutes, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Darn near do it in a bathroom. If it's big enough, I get this done. And now, my head is striking
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've just done something that took my full attention. And I don't know all the word she's using and these poses are a little awkward, and I have to concentrate on them. So it'd be a good thing to actually use as a distraction to to get your mind off of using
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'll send it to you. And this text, the message the phone. Our phone number. I've been using is a good one.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what I'm doing. What am I doing maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: 18931893
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. I'll send it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, okay, let's go back to your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the database.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, I think I closed it
Laura Lujan: I would
Laura Lujan: Say right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know. Let me just get in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is that cost from from smoking, did you kind of bring that on for smoking.
Laura Lujan: Can figure out there, but
Laura Lujan: I have a thing where, after like after that one little thing I've been smoked cigarettes after
Laura Lujan: Okay. Good thing. Yeah, because I don't feel that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so here's what we have so far we have
Gwenevere Abriel: A goal develop a workout plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this is what I'm going to write clients will
Gwenevere Abriel: Come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: A weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: exercise plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: At that includes
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walking
Gwenevere Abriel: Biking
Gwenevere Abriel: meditation, yoga.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a lot. Believe it or not, that that's a lot. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now when do you want to have that sort of written out by when.
Laura Lujan: Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so two weeks from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to two weeks to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero days to
Laura Lujan: God bless.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, Lord, that cough is brand new. And we're not doing that before telling you
Laura Lujan: About word
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say I want to, I want to do. I want to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear three or more
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear three or more of what you described as your negative self talk
I'm
Laura Lujan: I'm I'm worthless. I'm an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I'm stupid. I am worthless and I am an idiot.
Laura Lujan: Oh damn, I pick up my ranking. All right.
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay. We got it, we got, um, I'm stupid. I'm worthless. I'm an idiot and a dumb ass bitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we want to
Record.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we want to start with where you're at and we want it to go down. We don't want it to go up. So how many times a day do you have one of those.
Do you have a little
Laura Lujan: Over
Laura Lujan: Now, okay, what like one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole thing any of those times a day do you have negative self talk, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: 100 times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it 20 times a day. Is it once a day, just give me a rough or so that we can see it start to decrease
Laura Lujan: I go to like this whole thing is I just added that I call it an episode. It's like 30 seconds and just me rambling on about what the hell I did wrong, whatever about what you know.
Yeah, then
Laura Lujan: Kind of waking a sock or whatever. And then also gay. I'm sorry, you know, get over it. I probably haven't tried. Like, I don't know, six or 700
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, from seven
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it's an episode of of just
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I'm just whatever the hell yeah I never, I didn't even go yeah I'm doing on your own time thrown at them.
Laura Lujan: All right. Okay. All right. Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So over the next 30 days, let's don't go too fast. We want to reinforce and praise when you make progress. What would feel like progress, but it's not rushing what would feel like can do a better, but it's not perfect yet.
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Four times so we're
Laura Lujan: Getting the episodes down to like, you know, maybe a couple sentences instead of like a whole 32nd period of just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we
Laura Lujan: Don't know which way you want to go with it. We are
Laura Lujan: A bit more, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: See, so one of them has to do with the duration and one has to do with frequency
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Laura Lujan: If you can put them all on see which one you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll do that we'll say client will decrease from seven times a day to
Laura Lujan: Four.
Gwenevere Abriel: Times a day.
Laura Lujan: As
Gwenevere Abriel: Well as decrease from 30 seconds to what
Laura Lujan: Came was coming out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice 30
Laura Lujan: I can probably do a lot of that we are again if I actually thought about it and you know actually worked on it. I know I can find me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I do too. But I also want you to celebrate success in 30 days. I also want you to not have too many things that you're working on. So do you want me to change it from 15 seconds to a different number.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Got it.
Laura Lujan: To 20. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, so now let's go to something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Discuss my medication use climb will continue to verbalize self medicating behaviors, Baba, Baba, Baba.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Have you been taking buprenorphine as prescribed.
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Well, I got a call me they kind of slacking right. I thought everybody else has the whole um I like begging forever and usually like heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: If yeah if you were in group today, you would have heard two people talking all about alcohol and then two people talking about math.
Laura Lujan: And running
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, and next week. Remember, you're going to be in
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be in that Thursday group. So you're going to be in that one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you don't have to be shy and and i know it's like, well, it's not it's not it's not heroin. It's not heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know that is the norm is that it doesn't matter, but you just haven't run across the exact composition
Gwenevere Abriel: In a group to know that there's all kinds of stuff in there and some people right they fall in love with buprenorphine and they're addicted to the very thing that we're giving them so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I need to be like us, providing your mess. It's really quite a pickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: But I liked in jail too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were they giving it to you.
Laura Lujan: Oh, no, no.
Laura Lujan: No, I came in with them and
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the places she had to hide that. I don't even want to hear about it.
Laura Lujan: Right. It's funny because like, that was one of the reason why they want to get released to a halfway house.
Laura Lujan: But because I heard that. Like, that's how I'll just check thing guys restock and come back and I'm like, why am I trying to get to get back in you.
Laura Lujan: Again, I'd rather say okay, like if you're going to lead me to actually I was, I was just saying prison is the times are like, I don't want to get released. LAUGH. Laughing go back in like that that wasn't the corner. I do not only one day I'm like I don't get out and do good night.
Laura Lujan: I'll do you put in a present here. Okay.
Laura Lujan: Yeah youngest one that person.
Laura Lujan: That's on my attorney yesterday, and he was all yeah you're not like my other clients that I'm like, What do you mean, and he's like, well, I've never had any other clients have 12 AP classes have a path.
Laura Lujan: And, you know, and I'm like, really. I mean, like, yeah, I know none of my none of my other clients even graduate high school. I'm like, oh, I've not been
Laura Lujan: Discouraged to show you that I shouldn't be doing bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what it says is, notice this is about brain has nothing to do with intelligence it addiction chemical dependence doesn't discriminate. It can get anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: It can get anybody okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Discuss my medication use
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm wondering if when you were first
Gwenevere Abriel: When you first started with me. I wonder if you may have hinted at one point that maybe you were taking more than
Laura Lujan: Wow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's probably it will leave it.
Laura Lujan: But then doc pain medication and put me on a trip and a half.
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's leave it there for one more month if you can stick with just what the doctor is ordering
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we'll just close that one out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will leave it for one more month just
Laura Lujan: Delicious. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a slip this month. Let's just watch it for a little longer, you have had a hospital admission and there's just, there's so many things going on in your life right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to watch that just a little longer.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Um, oh, I want to control my anger better
Laura Lujan: That actually hadn't been been been been more okay let me rephrase that. No, I like
Laura Lujan: I haven't been acting out on an angry manner as much. That make sense.
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: I know not.
Laura Lujan: Much. I'm just throw
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. But does that make it better.
Laura Lujan: Know, finding
Gwenevere Abriel: Out what we talked about was that we might be acting in we might be turning
Laura Lujan: Pro. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We might be turning it towards self injury and that is also
Laura Lujan: Self. SOUND Oh no. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's self sabotage to if we're using. So I it's complicated, isn't it.
Laura Lujan: Huh. Shouldn't me for like for most people. It's not but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Laura Lujan: I like self injury is kind of one were like, I don't understand it is. And the thing is, like, um, my ex boyfriend at one point he had a daughter who was 13 dot whatever i was i like I think I just turned 19 knowledge he, I don't know, whatever. Well, his daughter referred to us.
Laura Lujan: But, um, he was cutting and my boyfriend is my concern, you need to do to do. And I'm like, Well, if there's nothing you can do ashes.
Laura Lujan: Nothing you can do. You just gotta you know let her deal with it you know she she's going through her and stuff. Just like you know
Laura Lujan: It's not, it's not as bad as I saw the cuts. They weren't that bad, they were just, you know, like little bits of paper customer. I mean, like they were like all
Laura Lujan: Gushing you know deep and like the fact that I was able to even begin to understand that he was like, kind of like really a little bit
Laura Lujan: Okay. And, you know, so I was able to help on that level, but it's just like I said it's a touchy subject. I've moved on and on, they freaked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is so I'm. Do I look like I'm freaking out.
Laura Lujan: Well, no.
Laura Lujan: No, no.
Laura Lujan: And I love that about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like the discussion because it isn't, it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't. I want to die. It's I want relief. I want it.
Laura Lujan: I want to feel her. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get that. So what if we wrote a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around the the cutting behavior. If we say this is how often it happens. You have to tell me this is how often happens, or maybe it only happens when
Gwenevere Abriel: There's one of those episodes of negative self doubt and they one of those last, you know, 24 hours or something, I don't know when it on. I don't know.
Laura Lujan: What happened to me whenever I feel like I'm in the wrong. Oh, I like that, that I have to do in order to make it okay for example, like if I end up
Laura Lujan: If. Can I count on and I don't know car ride or whatever. And I forgot to tell him something that he was supposed to do, or something.
Laura Lujan: And I said, oh, crap, I'm trying to, what do you want me to do them because, like, what, what do I do. He's like, You don't do anything. What do you mean, what I want you to do at the last thing I want you to do.
Laura Lujan: And then I, you know, think about it on my guy you're right across from you and your new coach, like I knew better, you know, but that's the first thought that I have is
Laura Lujan: Well, how do I pick the star icon, like what do I do things like what, like what I would do that, you know, and his reaction is the same every time. But again, and getting to the point where I'm like, wait.
Laura Lujan: A minute not you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Now just curious, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll have to go here in just a minute, if you can believe it today with five that really fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Back in the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you did you normally have someone who knew you were doing it.
Laura Lujan: And he wouldn't. Hello music like independent events like a problem solver free
Laura Lujan: And I was young, whenever this happened, I was like 1415 whatever this happened.
Laura Lujan: You know,
Laura Lujan: Problem solver.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he saying you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going through a tough time you'll feel better if you cut was he started suggesting it
Laura Lujan: No need to demand that kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me, how did it used to sound.
Laura Lujan: Um, so whenever Travis, and I would get in a fight or whatever. And I would walk out personally and my and my father by me them stupid like
Laura Lujan: I forgot to tell him that his mom comma or something and not a problem. Sorry. I didn't mean to not tell you by I had your phone in my hand or whatever and your mom calm number, I'll tell you.
Laura Lujan: He's like, Well, what do you do, like, what are you going to do, and I'm like, Okay, yeah, you're right. Sorry, I need to cut in order to, like, you know, that was like our agreement was I had to sell my house in order to make up for what I did wrong.
Laura Lujan: Okay, really fucked up thing and I see it now, but I was a kid, I didn't see it.
Laura Lujan: I found to the normal thing. And then finally, I told my friend of mine. And she thought that can happen with my friends right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it. I'm glad I asked about this because this is a feature that actually is, have you heard anybody else that had that piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you just described, if you heard anybody describe that the cutting came from someone else trying to get you to discipline yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right yeah I dad. I haven't heard that for
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: That guy named
Laura Lujan: Jim
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years older was Travis.
Laura Lujan: K 24
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old were you
Working
Laura Lujan: Same as a way of governing Kyle, but you know I was 14 look a lot different.
All right.
Laura Lujan: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to meet again, what do you have, I want to make sure that you're writing this stuff down or it's in your phone. You tell me when your next appointment is with me.
And what
Laura Lujan: May 20 11am and then may 29 at 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it. Just put the word group next to May 28 that's going to be
Laura Lujan: Yeah yeah
Laura Lujan: All right, all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do my best to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Yoga video and if you can even do it one time before we meet again. That would be amazing. You could have a good laugh. You can you and do it together and make fun of me, don't care, I'm always under the bus. You can make fun of me as much as you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I look forward to seeing you soon.
Laura Lujan: Thank you.